Let's begin this lecture by starting a fresh thinker session.
To get all records from a table, you can use the old method of darts table model.
Let's assign the result of blog post static all method Cole to the Post's variable all night, not like
many other querying methods that can return more than one model to return of value, which is of the
type collection.
Collection class is a powerful lot of rubber on array type.
Collections have a lot of handy methods that allow easy filtering, sorting and other array specific
tasks, collections can be accessed like a using the square brackets syntax.
They have methods like first to get the first element from the collection or count to count the elements,
for example.
Actually, there are so many possibilities, it would take a couple hours to go over each one of them.
If you are keen to read about them now, go to this page.
Collection class is widely used in lot of a legal system, not only in eloquent, you don't have to
go and read this now, but eventually that's a really good idea to do it.
Finally, it's possible to fetch couple models at once by their ID because you can pass an array to
the find method specifying the IDs that you want.
But in case of this method, it will only return the models which were found, so in our case, that
would only be a collection with one model.